README.md, before:

# quanti-agents
CMPUT 301 project

## Link to CRC Cards on Wiki:
[CRC Cards](https://github.com/CMPUT301F25quanti/quanti-agents/wiki/CRC-Cards)

## Link to User Interface Mockup on Wiki:
[User Interface Mockup](https://github.com/CMPUT301F25quanti/quanti-agents/wiki/User-Interface-Mockup)

## Link to Storyboard on Wiki:
[Storyboard](https://github.com/CMPUT301F25quanti/quanti-agents/wiki/Storyboard)


## First 50% (Project Part 3)

| Story | Risk |
|---|---|
| US 01.07.01 | 4 |
| US 01.02.01 | 1 |
| US 01.02.02 | 1 |
| US 01.01.03 | 1 |
| US 01.01.01 | 1 |
| US 01.01.02 | 1 |
| US 01.05.04 | 1 |
| US 01.06.02 | 2 |
| US 02.01.04 | 1 |
| US 02.03.01 | 2 |
| US 02.05.02 | 1 |
| US 02.02.01 | 1 |
| US 03.01.01 | 1 |
| US 03.02.01 | 1 |
| US 03.03.01 | 1 |
| US 01.05.02 | 2 |
| US 01.05.03 | 2 |
| US 01.05.05 | 1 |
| US 02.06.01 | 1 |
| US 02.06.02 | 1 |
| US 02.06.03 | 1 |
| US 02.06.04 | 2 |
| US 02.04.01 | 2 |

### Checklist for Part 3 (Fill in with an x)
- [ ] US 01.07.01 — 4
- [ ] US 01.02.01 — 1
- [ ] US 01.02.02 — 1
- [ ] US 01.01.03 — 1
- [ ] US 01.01.01 — 1
- [ ] US 01.01.02 — 1
- [ ] US 01.05.04 — 1
- [ ] US 01.06.02 — 2
- [ ] US 02.01.04 — 1
- [ ] US 02.03.01 — 2
- [ ] US 02.05.02 — 1
- [ ] US 02.02.01 — 1
- [ ] US 03.01.01 — 1
- [ ] US 03.02.01 — 1
- [ ] US 03.03.01 — 1
- [ ] US 01.05.02 — 2
- [ ] US 01.05.03 — 2
- [ ] US 01.05.05 — 1
- [ ] US 02.06.01 — 1
- [ ] US 02.06.02 — 1
- [ ] US 02.06.03 — 1
- [ ] US 02.06.04 — 2
- [ ] US 02.04.01 — 2

---

## Second 50% (Project Part 4)

| Story | Risk |
|---|---|
| US 01.05.01 | 3 |
| US 02.02.02 | 4 |
| US 02.02.03 | 4 |
| US 03.07.01 | 4 |
| US 01.04.01 | 3 |
| US 01.04.02 | 3 |
| US 01.04.03 | 3 |
| US 02.05.01 | 3 |
| US 02.05.03 | 3 |
| US 02.07.01 | 3 |
| US 02.07.02 | 3 |
| US 02.07.03 | 3 |
| US 03.08.01 | 3 |
| US 01.06.01 | 4 |
| US 02.01.01 | 4 |
| US 01.01.04 | 3 |
| US 01.02.03 | 2 |
| US 01.02.04 | 1 |
| US 03.05.01 | 4 |
| US 02.06.05 | 3 |
| US 03.04.01 | 4 |
| US 02.04.02 | 3 |
| US 03.06.01 | 4 |

### Checklist for Part 4 (Fill in with an x)
- [ ] US 01.05.01 — 3
- [ ] US 02.02.02 — 4
- [ ] US 02.02.03 — 4
- [ ] US 03.07.01 — 4
- [ ] US 01.04.01 — 3
- [ ] US 01.04.02 — 3
- [ ] US 01.04.03 — 3
- [ ] US 02.05.01 — 3
- [ ] US 02.05.03 — 3
- [ ] US 02.07.01 — 3
- [ ] US 02.07.02 — 3
- [ ] US 02.07.03 — 3
- [ ] US 03.08.01 — 3
- [ ] US 01.06.01 — 4
- [ ] US 02.01.01 — 4
- [ ] US 01.01.04 — 3
- [ ] US 01.02.03 — 2
- [ ] US 01.02.04 — 1
- [ ] US 03.05.01 — 4
- [ ] US 02.06.05 — 3
- [ ] US 03.04.01 — 4
- [ ] US 02.04.02 — 3
- [ ] US 03.06.01 — 4

Commit message:

Add link to Meeting Minutes in README
Added a link to meeting minutes on the wiki.

README.md, after:

# quanti-agents
CMPUT 301 project

## Link to CRC Cards on Wiki:
[CRC Cards](https://github.com/CMPUT301F25quanti/quanti-agents/wiki/CRC-Cards)

## Link to User Interface Mockup on Wiki:
[User Interface Mockup](https://github.com/CMPUT301F25quanti/quanti-agents/wiki/User-Interface-Mockup)

## Link to Storyboard on Wiki:
[Storyboard](https://github.com/CMPUT301F25quanti/quanti-agents/wiki/Storyboard)

## Link to Meeting notes on wiki:

[Meeting Minutes](https://github.com/CMPUT301F25quanti/quanti-agents/wiki/Meeting-Minutes)


## First 50% (Project Part 3)

| Story | Risk |
|---|---|
| US 01.07.01 | 4 |
| US 01.02.01 | 1 |
| US 01.02.02 | 1 |
| US 01.01.03 | 1 |
| US 01.01.01 | 1 |
| US 01.01.02 | 1 |
| US 01.05.04 | 1 |
| US 01.06.02 | 2 |
| US 02.01.04 | 1 |
| US 02.03.01 | 2 |
| US 02.05.02 | 1 |
| US 02.02.01 | 1 |
| US 03.01.01 | 1 |
| US 03.02.01 | 1 |
| US 03.03.01 | 1 |
| US 01.05.02 | 2 |
| US 01.05.03 | 2 |
| US 01.05.05 | 1 |
| US 02.06.01 | 1 |
| US 02.06.02 | 1 |
| US 02.06.03 | 1 |
| US 02.06.04 | 2 |
| US 02.04.01 | 2 |

### Checklist for Part 3 (Fill in with an x)
- [ ] US 01.07.01 — 4
- [ ] US 01.02.01 — 1
- [ ] US 01.02.02 — 1
- [ ] US 01.01.03 — 1
- [ ] US 01.01.01 — 1
- [ ] US 01.01.02 — 1
- [ ] US 01.05.04 — 1
- [ ] US 01.06.02 — 2
- [ ] US 02.01.04 — 1
- [ ] US 02.03.01 — 2
- [ ] US 02.05.02 — 1
- [ ] US 02.02.01 — 1
- [ ] US 03.01.01 — 1
- [ ] US 03.02.01 — 1
- [ ] US 03.03.01 — 1
- [ ] US 01.05.02 — 2
- [ ] US 01.05.03 — 2
- [ ] US 01.05.05 — 1
- [ ] US 02.06.01 — 1
- [ ] US 02.06.02 — 1
- [ ] US 02.06.03 — 1
- [ ] US 02.06.04 — 2
- [ ] US 02.04.01 — 2

---

## Second 50% (Project Part 4)

| Story | Risk |
|---|---|
| US 01.05.01 | 3 |
| US 02.02.02 | 4 |
| US 02.02.03 | 4 |
| US 03.07.01 | 4 |
| US 01.04.01 | 3 |
| US 01.04.02 | 3 |
| US 01.04.03 | 3 |
| US 02.05.01 | 3 |
| US 02.05.03 | 3 |
| US 02.07.01 | 3 |
| US 02.07.02 | 3 |
| US 02.07.03 | 3 |
| US 03.08.01 | 3 |
| US 01.06.01 | 4 |
| US 02.01.01 | 4 |
| US 01.01.04 | 3 |
| US 01.02.03 | 2 |
| US 01.02.04 | 1 |
| US 03.05.01 | 4 |
| US 02.06.05 | 3 |
| US 03.04.01 | 4 |
| US 02.04.02 | 3 |
| US 03.06.01 | 4 |

### Checklist for Part 4 (Fill in with an x)
- [ ] US 01.05.01 — 3
- [ ] US 02.02.02 — 4
- [ ] US 02.02.03 — 4
- [ ] US 03.07.01 — 4
- [ ] US 01.04.01 — 3
- [ ] US 01.04.02 — 3
- [ ] US 01.04.03 — 3
- [ ] US 02.05.01 — 3
- [ ] US 02.05.03 — 3
- [ ] US 02.07.01 — 3
- [ ] US 02.07.02 — 3
- [ ] US 02.07.03 — 3
- [ ] US 03.08.01 — 3
- [ ] US 01.06.01 — 4
- [ ] US 02.01.01 — 4
- [ ] US 01.01.04 — 3
- [ ] US 01.02.03 — 2
- [ ] US 01.02.04 — 1
- [ ] US 03.05.01 — 4
- [ ] US 02.06.05 — 3
- [ ] US 03.04.01 — 4
- [ ] US 02.04.02 — 3
- [ ] US 03.06.01 — 4
